Today:
1. Make a front end that displays the bookings
2. Add colours to the rooms
3. Finish update/delete for calendar
4. find a better way to sync id across front/back end (does the logic belong in controller?)

#---Front end-----------------

Date aint comin up in form creation pop (but time is ok)
Add ID when UPDATING event (Probably create a separate dialog)

Chop multi-day events into separate events

Form UI (Do I need all this? I've got form validation)
	Make it impossible to select an end date before the start date
	Make end date automatically update to startdate when start > end
	Same with time:
		Make it imposible to select an end time before the start time
		Make end time automatically update when start > end
		(Triggered when: times changed, days changed to line up)


Delete button
Add delete functionality to popup box

Front End Form Validation 
	..Events don't overlap (Can i get calendar to do this for me?)

Form populates with relevant information
	When an exisitng event clicked
	When a new event created by dragging
-Seperate create / update functionality

Calendar to use ajax queries
	--Deleting Events

Validation to make sure that resources aren't double booked
	-front end.. flag?
	-back end validation

Individual colours for seperate resources

Click on day in month view = select day

No need to refresh after creating an event every time
#--------Style------------------
Style popup window
Style calendar
Model page on google calendar page?
Separate box to add info

Sort out/tidy up css classes

#---------Both ends sort of---
Get rid of necessity for separate 'title' property

#---------Back end-----------
Validation of dates, times

Correctly return the needed queried results, generated by the calendar

Create user authentication

Create views layouts for:
	Client
	Admin
	Overview / Review

Create back end logic for:
	Client
	Admin
	Overview / Review

Change model to not have separate _resources properties
	-And add that functionality to the controller instead
#----------Internal-------------
change Javascript libraries to bower - or sync bower with correct dir

Find the way to execute mongo commands from command line (or python) - to auto-populate
Make the python tool more generic



#----------Big essential features---------
Sync With Quickbooks
Sync With Charts / Graphs
Backup
Add 'provisional' events for client side
